What do you do when your customers are angry?
Well, the only strategy which I have for now is to give them a discount on the total charge as damage repair or to do a small new project for free.

What else can you do?
- Offer an apology, something like: "I’m truly sorry that we fell short of your expectations and didn’t deliver on our promise. We understand that the delay in delivery caused frustration and disrupted your plans." - These are powerful words.
- Provide a concrete plan of improvement of either the processes or the quality of the results to be delivered to them.
- Do a follow up on the issues after they are resolved to show your commitment to your customer and that they feel valued and not just tossing out free discounts.
- Make them feel valued and improve upon the relations. Create a customer loyalty program over the long term to give them exclusive discounts or VIP treatment at times.

The principle says that it requires 37 magic moments to cover up for 1 tragic moment.
An apology, a discount or a refund of the money isn't enough. A refund is not back to neutral. It doesn't stoke people.
A one-star review is the customer's way to be the judiciary and punish you by ruining your reputation.
So yeah, it's 37 times more work to make up for something really. So, it's essential to set up the processes right.
In business you always want it to be your fault. Because if it's your fault then it's under your control and you can fix it.
It's your mistake because you're the owner of the business. You've got the bucks stocked with you and thus even if your team messes up, it's your fault because you're getting the money stocked because of their work.
Happy customers are your advocates, they are your advocates once you go above and beyond. Once you go there they become your customer for life.

What not to do?
Don't act like it's not a big deal.
Don't act as if you've never screwed up.
There's no less useless emotion than feeling sorry for yourself, because it changes nothing. No one gets better by feeling sorry for themselves.
People wanna punish you when they feel invalidated. People wanna punish you if they don't like you. You are gonna increase likelihood that they like you once you go above and beyond.
